The emperor has not come for more than half a month
Every night alone on the side of Concubine Yuan
Yes!
I don't know what charming means he used
This little bitch
A mere lady from a ninth-grade official's house
Less than half a year in the palace
Even on an equal footing with this palace
Your Majesty, please be at ease
No matter how much he churns
After all, it can't escape your palm
That's not necessarily true.
This palace has come to this point
How many years have passed
But what about him?
Remember not to underestimate any enemy
What the empress said is
Grandpa grandpa
Not good, not good
Speak slowly
yelling
how similar
See Empress slave
I just heard that Concubine Yuan is happy
The emperor wants amnesty for the world
What? Can you say that again?
Since this little bitch has an appointment
It's outrageous
There are some servants
Why don't we just do it all the time?
Great, let's do it
It's just what I want